[CIAPP] Add `CODEOWNERS` control section for CITest monitors. (#14520)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/ci.md

{{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/ci_tests/define-the-search-query-fnf.png" alt="Monitor being defined with steps a, b, and c, where steps a and b are queries and step c calculates the rate from them." style="width:80%;" >}}

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: A maximum of two queries can be used to build the evaluation formula per monitor.</div>

#### Using CODEOWNERS for notifications

You can send the notification to different teams using the `CODEOWNERS` information available in the test event. 

In the following example we are configuring the notification with the next logic:
* If the test code owner is `@MyOrg/my-team`, then send the notification to the `my-team-channel` Slack channel.

> * If the test code owner is `@MyOrg/my-other-team`,  then send the notification to the `my-other-team-channel` Slack channel.

Author: ```suggestion
* If the test code owner is `@MyOrg/my-other-team`, then send the notification to the `my-other-team-channel` Slack channel.
```

{{< code-block lang="text" >}}
{{#is_match "citest.attributes.test.codeowners" "MyOrg/my-team"}}
  @slack-my-team-channel
{{/is_match}}
{{#is_match "citest.attributes.test.codeowners" "MyOrg/my-other-team"}}
  @slack-my-other-team-channel
{{/is_match}}
{{< /code-block >}}

> You need to add a similar code snippet in the `Notification message` of your monitor when you are editing it. You can add as many `is_match` clauses you need to configure your monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Notification message` section of your monitor, add text similar to the code snippet above to configure monitor notifications. You can add as many `is_match` clauses as you need.
```
